Editorial pass for consistency and minor bug fixes (#153)
sframe-wg/sframe: draft-ietf-sframe-enc.md

ciphertext.  When SFrame is applied per-frame, the SFrame ciphertext
representing an encrypted frame will span several packets, with the header
appearing in the first packet and the authentication tag in the last packet.

> It is the responsibility of the application to ensure that these packets are
> arranged in the correct sequence in order for decryption to succeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the responsibility of the application to reassemble an encrypted frame from
individual packets, accounting for packet loss and reordering as necessary.
```

the ciphertext to SFrame for decryption.

The KID field in the SFrame header is used to find the right key and salt for

> the encrypted frame, and the CTR field is used to construct the nonce. The SFrame
> decrypt procedure is below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the encrypted frame, and the CTR field is used to construct the nonce. The SFrame
decryption procedure is as follows:
```

## Video Key Frames

> Forward and Post-Compromise Security requires that the E2EE keys (base keys) are updated
> anytime a participant joins/leave the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forward Security and Post-Compromise Security requires that the E2EE keys (base keys) 
are updated any time a participant joins or leaves the call.
```
